well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I guess today we're gonna talk
about razors no I am obviously not a
Gillette customer back the only reason I
know about the ad is because my son came
home and asked me about it he couldn't
understand why men were upset with it
and man that made me proud haha okay so
here's the thing the message is in that
ad
what are they don't sexually assault
don't belittle don't bully violence
isn't always the answer
these are concepts that men don't have a
problem with this was not an attack on
masculinity my 12 year old boy
understood that because he didn't
identify with the bad guys in the video
if you felt attacked by that ad says
more about you than it does Gillette my
question is why didn't you see yourself
as the guy stepping forward then there's
a lot of feminists who were upset with
it
which surprised me but they felt that a
multi-billion dollar corporation should
not leverage feminism for sales that's
true that's true but when I look at that
ad I don't see feminism I see
masculinity Rho masculinity that's what
I see
the idea you know of masculinity it has
a lot of components to it honor and
integrity are central integrity could be
practically defined as doing the right
thing even when nobody's looking or no
matter who's looking that's what I saw
in the video I saw it praising Rho
masculinity and mocking toxic
masculinity that's what I saw I didn't
see feminism
then there were a lot of people who were
upset because a razor company shouldn't
insert themselves into social issues
like this
oh no razor company is the perfect
company to insert themselves into this
conversation
we don't have rites of passage in the
United States from boy to man we don't
not on a nationwide level there are some
ethnic groups that still carry on their
their cultures but nationwide we don't
even we don't have that but what suffice
is for shaving they're the perfect
company to do this and on the topic of
rites of passage I saw people bringing
that up you know the the soft
masculinity you know the old rites of
passage from the olden days they were
brutal and violent they were incredibly
brutal incredibly violent but was it
violence for violence sake was it
violence to subjugate the women the
Agoge was one that I saw brought up and
yeah brutal violent those are the right
terms for that insane insane amount of
violence why because they were creating
warriors real warriors they were trying
to instill honor and integrity they were
creating men
who would one day cling to the motto of
with your shield or upon it you're
either going to come back with your
shield held high because you want are
you gonna come back a laying on it
because you're dead there's no surrender
there's no loss there's no retreat you
win or you die why who were they
protecting their community right they
were standing up for those around them
it sounds a lot like that ad there's a
culture in the Amazon they still do this
today the boys will go out and collect a
bullet ants and if you don't know a
bullet ant will tear you up it won't
tear you up I'm not sure if it's a bite
or sting to be honest but it doesn't
matter it's incredibly painful and these
boys becoming men take these pants and
they're placed in woven gloves and they
put their hands in them and they sit
there and they endure that pain and
that's their right of passage that's how
they become a man in their community and
American men look at this and say see
our boys need to be tough like that the
lesson being taught is that any worthy
goal is going to require you to suffer
it's going to require you to endure and
I think that is perfect commentary on
American masculinity and the Amazon
you've got these young boys becoming men
who endures some of the most painful
bites known to man for an extended
period of time and here in the u.s. men
can't sit through a two-minute video
without losing their minds and go into
Twitter to cry about it
my twelve year old boy was more of a man
than the people that are upset with this
because he didn't identify with the bad
guy if you feel attacked by this it says
a whole lot about you
a whole lot anyway it's just a fault
y'all uh y'all have a good day